sunrise rider um and I just got back
from bar salary and I stuff a halt so
yay okay so first off they had this
thing called the bargain bin and so
that's what the yellowback is and then
this is like the normals door okay so
the first thing i got was this shirt and
it was two dollars and then I got pajama
pants too and they have horseshoes it
was five dollars they offered doing
videos like this um okay we had cards
and they're just like horse cards and
this one was 25 cents and I thought it
was really cute and it says don't walk
behind me I may not lead don't walk in
front of me I may not follow just walk
beside me and be my friend and I just
want to put it on my wall so it's 25
cents then I got brown elastic and some
stuff like the little writing comb
inside of it just cool and then I got
white ones ome for both 50 70
um this is so lame and I don't know why
I have to get it but I love sticky notes
and their horsies their little foals and
they were fifty cents ok then I got a
yellow sweat scraper and it was three
dollars and then I thought festival
start pads and they're like the grade at
once and my coach suggested them and
there were two dollars so that's from
the bargain bin and it's not like
thirteen dollars they're on all that
stuff which is pretty damn awesome and
then I wanted
interesting just lame um just fly spray
it was 499 and then I got fly mask and
this is like the third one this season
but oh well um it was 1499 a pistol
plain white baby pad and I'm going on
brighter on it it was seven ninety-nine
um some treat this is cute just a shirt
for riding and it was 1499 um since same
thing ariat though and it was 14 99 and
then they were giving up free stuff and
so I got electrolytes concentrate at one
so like you give it to them before and
after a show and then the one for like
every day um yeah and then they are
happily just a bit of free stuff and so
I grabbed a bit and what kind of did it
is but I like hanging on my wall which
is more on my floor but so I grabbed it
I don't know it was free Ma'at anyways
that was all I got and you can total I
spent like maybe eighty ninety dollars
so it's pretty good ya tink it's all I